if you were to pick one thing, uh, to learn about your team members, oftentimes
it's where they came from. The matters most, because I can
give you a perspective on to how they look at the world. Um, if someone
comes from a place where they grew up thinking there's right and
there's wrong and there's nothing in between that is very different
than someone who might have grown up in a place to I saw a lot of
gray. A lot of things that might have been right. It might have been
wrong, and, you know, they appreciate the nuances A life. Um, where
person came from won't give you every piece of information you need
to know about them, but it certainly gives you a starting place.